docs: adding interactive graph widget (#4785)
langchain-ai/langgraph: docs/docs/agents/overview.md

| `langmem`                                  | Agent memory management: [**short-term and long-term**](./memory.md)        | `pip install -U langmem`                |
| `agentevals`                               | Utilities to [**evaluate agent performance**](./evals.md)                   | `pip install -U agentevals`             |

> ## Agent Graph Visualizer

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Visualize an agent graph
```

> We've created the following tool to help users visualize the graph generated by `create_react_agent` and view the outline of the corresponding code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the following tool to visualize the graph generated by `create_react_agent` and to view an outline of the corresponding code.
```

It allows you to explore the infrastructure of the agent as defined by the presence of:

> * `tools`: A list of tools (functions, APIs, or other callable objects) that the agent can use to perform tasks.

Reviewer: `tools`, `pre_model_hook`, `post_model_hook` and `response_format` should all link to relevant doc pages

* `pre_model_hook`: A function that is called before the model is invoked. It can be used to condense messages or perform other preprocessing tasks.
* `post_model_hook`: A function that is called after the model is invoked. It can be used to implement guardrails, human-in-the-loop flows, or other postprocessing tasks.

> * `response_format`: A data structure used to constrain the type of the final output, ex a `pydantic` `BaseModel`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `response_format`: A data structure used to constrain the type of the final output, e.g., a `pydantic` `BaseModel`.
```

<div class="agent-layout">
  <div class="agent-graph-features-container">
    <div class="agent-graph-features">
      <h3 class="agent-section-title">Features</h3>
      <label><input type="checkbox" id="tools" checked> <code>tools</code></label>
      <label><input type="checkbox" id="pre_model_hook"> <code>pre_model_hook</code></label>
      <label><input type="checkbox" id="post_model_hook"> <code>post_model_hook</code></label>
      <label><input type="checkbox" id="response_format"> <code>response_format</code></label>
    </div>
  </div>

  <div class="agent-graph-container">
    <h3 class="agent-section-title">Graph</h3>
    <img id="agent-graph-img" src="../assets/react_agent_graphs/0001.svg" alt="graph image" style="max-width: 100%;"/>
  </div>
</div>

> **Code Snippet:** The code snippet below shows how to create the above agent (and underlying graph) with `create_react_agent`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following code snippet shows how to create the above agent (and underlying graph) with `create_react_agent`:
```
